
How much device storage would app usage take up? It's only gonna be like 5 apps max. Passively


calculation metrics will be static within the app, referenced like "according to data from x updated y"

for more specific calculations like with previous scores probably need a database for that so we can store the datetime of info logged.

"usage of x app is down y% from last week -  equivalent of z of co2"

Look at databases and android apps compatibility

could still just use flutter seeing as you just used it.


----

The idea is that it should be an unintrusive reality just factored in, with minimal disturbance in its integration. Takes up minimal space, doesn't require much user interaction so no input etc

how is app data collected by the device? What info is collected? Like app name, publisher etc?

-------

Business issue 

There's enough money, arguably too much and look where we are. The business issue needs reframed and value needs to be recognised where it actually is, in the environment we are a part of.
compare the impact with individuals recycling vs individuals consuming media like streaming and social media. 
Streaming statistics vs environment. We know big business is accountable for recycling more than the individual, is individual social/media consumption a point of power for the individual?

Statistics on peoples mental and physical health, personal accounts of feeling powerless or empowered by social media addiction etc. ooh addiction statistics vs the greater environmental impact too

Empowering the consumer a little, just adding a health reminder really that you are a physical thing separate from your phone.



------------
### possible collaborations with orgs and charities

maybe to further gamify it can partner with green charities or orgs to promote them and plant x amount of trees or whatever.

Can look at sweatcoin for examples of like, you accrue points and spend them on charities.

