# Problem

Have you ever been on your phone and found yourself stuck in the cycle of opening and closing the same three apps, feeling more and more compelled to do it and at the same time feeling less satisfied, more isolated and stressed out?

Do you feel alien and separate from everything else in the world, like scrolling puts your life on pause because the actions don't have an effect?

That's totally not true! 

Did you know the average smart phone user does x amounts of minutes on y app a day? 

That's equivalent to x kg of co2e in a year

which is the same amount absorbed as a whale in its life time of 40 years

which is the same amount as a cool mushroom absorbs in a week.

Everything you do has value. Everything you do has an effect, is meaningful. You exist 
and are related to the rest of the life on earth, and even the earth itself. 
We are all connected.

 -
 
in 2022 x amount of mental health problems raised by y % across all groups but in young people ages xyz especially

A therapy tool recommended to mitigate the negative effects of social media addiction is CBT.

explain. this is when a cycle of behaviour is interrupted with an alternative suggestion or thought (image here of the cycle interrupted)

Collects app usage data and converts the minutes of use into co2eq, and compares those numbers with natural events in the world.

By aiming to quietly collect data in the background this wellness app can provide small notifications at user discretion gently reminding the user of their proximity to the offline world and offer a gentle interruption of these cycles of overuse. 

-

Pedometer example showing increased user interest in walking and health.

The idea is for an unintrusive extra layer of wellbeing to better place ourselves physically while enjoying using our phones. an to reignite a connection with our natural world around us. 



### dependency injection async problem

https://aptabase.com/blog/no-parameterless-constructor-defined-for-type-mainpage-on-net-maui

add `builder.Services.AddSingleton<MainPage>();` to mauiprogram.cs

```
System.InvalidOperationException: 'Unable to resolve service for type 'MauiScreenTime.Services.IUsageStatsService' while attempting to activate 'MauiScreenTime.MainPage'.'
```