Dbs for each app

write up documentation for the endpoints used in the android class

```
for (app in packagemanager) {
usageStats(app){
if (db table not exists) {
create db table name App
}
}
}
```


Security team Marta and Martin 


Assign roles for when you go
Scrum I guess, what does that mean for the project management

UPDATE JIRA

remove permissions page just add androidmanifest permissions

What is the design methodology 
OOD



https://www.comparethemarket.com.au/energy/features/social-carbon-footprint-calculator/
these are based on Australian so 
Facebook 0.78 min

Instagram 1.05 min

twitter 0.6 min

tiktok 2.63 min

Reddit 2.46 min

Linkedin 0.71 min

Youtube 0.45 min

Snapchat 0.86 min


Gracjan
"Quickly about the Co2eqService. I can see that it connects to two separate tables; PersonalBestDB and TreesPlantedDB.

Could you explain the purpose of PersonalBestDB? Is it a table for storing just one single personal best at a time?

If so, maybe it would be beneficial to replace it with something like ActivityLogDB that measures the CO2g periodically, and then derive the personal best by iterating over that once every X. Then, since the number of trees planted is (i'm assuming) derived from the former table, maybe the whole table could be distilled into a single INTEGER field in the ActivityLogDB table?"

OnPropertyChanged https://medium.com/@rojasjimenezjosea/mvvm-fundamentals-examples-with-net-maui-5b0af71e99d6


redirect to consent page if no consent

create a user controls page for data deletion
- delete 
- revoke
- if deleted or revoked, redirect to consentpage()




Kenneth joined. Marta and Martin are great. Intelligent and capable and into the agile stuff being used properly, it's an unreal incentive to follow things orderly and really try.
It's also helpful they're both knowledgeable so they have a confidence in the methodologies that inspires me to learn more about it and follow it. If they are confident in it then I am inspired to also have confidence in it.

They are obviously capable and experienced and driven and have good ideas so I am gaining confidence in the project by virtue of their obvious interest in doing it properly. They are keen to take ownership and subsequently I am keen to 1. take it seriously and 2. delegate

Kenneth is also experienced or skilled and I am also encouraged to hear his ideas on Monday.

Gracjan is great he is very much independent and in a specialist type role. I can give him a brief and constraints and he will enthusiastically participate. He equally gives his time and consideration to team matters, but also has an awareness of where and when his specialties might no longer apply.

I could learn from that.

I will give a basic overview on Friday



Kenneth, that's fine I also misunderstood it. You're welcome of course yeah, we're still organising. 

You're very welcome to join us on Monday at 11am for the weekly meeting where I think we'll be discussing points from Marta and Martins risk report, and potentially also looking at requirement specs to get some solid design documentation planned out.

Hi Matthew, thanks for your interest you're very welcome yeah. We're still organising, I'll invite you to the weekly Monday meeting. I think next week we'll be discussing the risk report and getting some design documentation in place for the project. 

Do you have any special areas of interest with programming, like Frontend/backend/devops/testing? It's not a prerequisite it's just something I think I'm supposed to suss out in folk for my coursework. 

- **Marta Grazia** **Martin Cameron**
    
- **Gracjan Blazejowski**