if I move the mainpage logic into a background service and run that from the app
that will be done before the meeting

with the 1st years and Marta, can mob a session on adding xUnit and writing unit tests for the test plans 

try seed catch 

Team member suggested try catch for the create and seed co2table logic
"

> would it be worth wrapping db operations in a try catch block?

In principle I agree but I wonder if it's not needed here because I think [error handling is already baked into the SQLite methods](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/standard/data/sqlite/database-errors).  
The seed function does have a conditional sort of trouble-shooting loop. Maybe higher up in the application we could try;catch and display an error if the Co2 data is missing.

[Looking at this](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/2737328/why-should-i-not-wrap-every-block-in-try-catch) there's a nice idea around having well placed try blocks higher up in the application. I suppose the trade-off is performance/readability vs specificity."



idk we'll see. I like the idea of having a few try catch blocks further up the code though


instead of try catch do this https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/standard/exceptions/best-practices-for-exceptions



----------------------
Matthew or 2nd years want to scrum master the stand up? Or someone take minutes? can't do both.

what I did 
PRs, try catch research, book design meeting Heckie Sam Thursday 10am

what I do
consent check as a service not mainpage, fix for mvvm,

what I will do
mob session on adding xUnit, share how to write unit tests for net maui Arrange Assert etc
small Test plan
look at bigger test plan for app?

meeting minutes



privacy policy and t&c's separate

Widget the application on the phone

notifications vs, widget, 
only 10 apps is way less energy consumed because the tracker only runs then. 

viability = the funness vs the usefulness

#### operation performance doesn't conflict with the mission statement of the app



User personas that are hyper critical of it, comes under scrutiny


add extra reviews on the workflows "but you haven't checked that, can you test that?" in PRs

better engagement with teams

Do the retrospectives on Monday instead of stand ups on Monday
maybe what will you do next


sprint planning Friday morning 
retros Thursdays
Monday planning

1st Monday second Thursday of the sprint

sub-teams defined, workflows. 

story points semester 2

------------


Testing 


update presentation
share links to xunit 

-----------


Release shifts

track user data by end of Nov

Release 2 into 1
stores data locally
Co2 conversion table

Ask Martin tomorrow if he's into doing the android API integration

# App should focus more on phone addiction**

rejiggle the releases
---------------


in my net maui mvvm app, I have code in mainpage that checks a db for a condition and redirects the user accordingly. To respect mvvm architecture, should i instead have this code in a service that i call into the app.xaml.cs before the mainpage object is initialised?

- create a mainviewmodel
- call a navigation service in that viewmodel


add to FAQ 
nconsistent accessibility: parameter type 'MainViewModel' is less accessible than method 'MainPage.MainPage(MainViewModel)'

usually caused by is it registered in the mauiprogram.cs or is it public class?

if i use something like sentry.io i'll get an idea of what to log and what to test or make robust in the code like common vulnerabilities or weaknesses. but it's an online service so would i need to push stuff to the repo for a github integration to scan it?
I wouldn't want to just upload the code on to their website I dislike that, it also removes the dependencies between different parts of the app if it only can assess the one file at a time.

is there an alternative like an extension i can add to visual studio for clearer debugging rather than adding heaps of debugging to the code? what makes testable code?

