close sprint, keep claimed tickets

finish list of tasks for future release
add tasks to backlog
organize them into groups

prepare for as though you'll have the surgery

ask if marta's sound to take over, they don't need to do any big picture stuff or major design changes unless totally necessary. Do enough instruction in the planning to leave them with just ensuring things keep moving forward.

Hi Marta, I'm still not sure of if and when I'll have that surgery - ideally it'll be over the holidays. In case it is during term time, would you be happy to stand in for me and keep momentum going for the week or so I would be absent?

Everything should already be designed and planned out and with a backlog filled etc so there should be no need for any of that. It's more just holding meetings and checking folk are fine doing what they're doing etc. Basically what you're already doing tbh just more "officially"


look at IBM race car thing [TORCSfull.pptx - Google Slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/153gTspXhXIIKOX_thOiDgSwMn4gM4MwH/edit?slide=id.p10#slide=id.p10)

----
business competition

350 - 2000 chars to enter the business competition

put on your cv if you win
put it in your project
link the project to cv

what resources will you need to help you do this business that you don't have the skills for
like premises etc

Helen Miller UHI

---

get folk to clone and run the app successfully on their machines.

unreal engine tutorial

end sprint needs presentation

mid sprint can just be sharing work.

User-task analysis

test wireframe with focus groups, ask Sam about it

look at previous focus groups for the regular UI in established screen time trackers

get feedback from external forums

feedback and testing early before Christmas hopefully
test the wireframe, what do folk think

give them a list of tasks
- see your CO2
- see your data
- delete your data

how simple or difficult is it to do these things on a scale of 1-5

be transparent on how you got the user insights


----

Will this feature suit Luisa, big Bob, Robin

that's useful
further session with lecturers to refine the use there


Design-wise:
what works there already and pull that from existing designs tried and tested


Cool get the lecturers in for a user personas meeting, how to get features from user personas

ask them how to test the wireframe. How to test the wireframe and get user feedback



wireframe should be simple, not a mock up.

principles of responsive design