Meeting Heckie and Sam tomorrow for feedback on the wireframe

Look at wireframe with the lecturers
Look at user personas with the lecturers

~~# call the electrician~~

account for deviations LOs - Messaging marta to ask them to take over if i'm unavailable

find LOs see if you can chuck that in for evidence
LO1 Vicky

----------
~~Lois 
include screenshots of correspondence?

~~add their stuff to the risk report, don't use screenshot add as appendix~~

~~fix the american spelling~~

___

How to get features from the user personas

How to test the wireframe with users



Old Bob

understanding who our customers are

younger people not scared of technology


who's going to be using the app, who do we want to market to


### Appeal to the parents or administrators of people working with kids
Addressing teenage anxiety and stress

so like guardians and parents etc.
How to appeal to them, to make them want to get the kid to use them

Teenagers don't respond to authoritarianism
Give them self managing
give them goals for themselves, autonomy

reporting on how long you've spent, as a parent or guardian

linked stuff between users, like parental controls

## yoghurts marketed towards kids, but it's really for the adults who make the decisions.


Appeals to the buyer but also

cutting down on screentime is solving which problems

dopamine, concentration

## log into how their lives will be improved

why would I install this app, how would my life improve

your life will be better because xyz it will improve your kids coordination or whatever

# how to emotionally appeal to these personas

stir up an emotion from the pain point,
offer a solution as an emotional sell

Low mood tied to phone


not wanting to influence your younger kids with the obsession with your phone.

Work tied into your phone, never get to switch off

rewards system,
unlock screentime for basic tasks completed.

how top improve their lives

-----------------------

### Questions to ask on wireframe focus groups

"Gauging wireframe success is tricky without quantitative data, but Tom says there are several qualitative metrics you can apply. He recommends running moderated user testing to see if users can get through the user experience without instructions—instead of getting "tripped up or not knowing what to do next.”"
https://www.figma.com/resource-library/what-is-wireframing/

Sam says 
"Figure out what it is you want to know.  Questions such as Did you like the design?  Don't offer much in the way of meaningful data.  

Try to ask open ended questions that require more than a one word response. Then look for 
trends.   We did some of this in UCD with Marta"

What we want to know

is it useable 
is it understandable
is it comfortable/easy to look at

----------

user task analysis

how to prove it works

if you see a trend through qualitative data you can action it as a pain point
don't want quantatitive

at what point did you feel most engaged
what was your favourite part of the app

--------
build solution, see if lock file generates, then merge the patch into splash to see if it updates the build times

https://devblogs.microsoft.com/dotnet/enable-repeatable-package-restores-using-a-lock-file/

dotnet actions repo https://github.com/actions/setup-dotnet and readme 

example of github workflow yaml https://github.com/dotnet/sdk/issues/24843

Error: Process completed with exit code 1.

not worth it to shave maybe one or two minutes.
