cleaned the build
ran analyser from build or debug

saw this error 

"'App' does not contain a definition for 'InitializeComponent' and no accessible extension method 'InitializeComponent' accepting a first argument of type 'App' could be found (are you missing a using directive or an assembly reference?)"

common errors, add it to app.xaml.cs

is it in main program

shell content mainpage in appshell.xaml

null exception is probably that stuff is being called in the wrong order


App 
calls

Mainpage
calls

MainViewModel - here? yeah the viewmodel logic was called before instantiated so a try catch allowed it to pause long enough. could add a delay or look at the call logic in mainpage
calls

StartupService
calls

NextPage


-----------------------

Martin was wrong about his assumption of the permissions, wish I had checked sooner.

create a service that checks for the permissions and requests permissions from user


I found this looking for the permissions

https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/maui/platform-integration/appmodel/permissions?view=net-maui-10.0&tabs=windows


Need to write a custom one for special permissions

Annoyed I didn't verify what Martin had said and allowed him to go weeks without updating his progress.
Didn't communicate to me that it didn't work and DID need to be manually coded.

Frustrated. This was a time sink in a crucial area of deliverables for this release.



Watch the rest of that video to check for the actual prompt of the permissions

I'll take a look at that ticket Kenny. You're welcome to help me on it, the vid in the ticket has me about half way there I think.