
"Thank you Lauren. I referred to the AAA testing strategy you also posted in our resources. In terms of deciding which parts to tests I have tried to partly follow a methodology I read in the book Head First Java (I really recommend this series as it makes concepts really easily digestible, looking to buy the C# .NET one!). Basically because of encapsulation we know that components will be able to access and use only public methods and instance variables of our viewModel, this means that the unit test should target these. By understanding what each method accomplishes and the implications needed to effectively use them (setup) we can then easily assert our expectations of the outcome and check if they are correct.

The book actually endorses TDD or Extreme Programming, where tests are written before the actual code, that could be a good practice moving forward."


book recommendations



to check and request permissions

first should check, then should request? Different methods in the service?

qemu-system-x86_64 is just the avd running


--- permissions

code's written just try and test it

log it to see it's firing when the page opens

hasPermission is coming in null

The code is too complicated, refactor it into something more understandable

### Design question
it can either be a method that's called in all parts of the app. or a bool that's passed through and changes, but then needs a listener to check for changes on the device

maybe just a function called in every page.


can't get the bool 
it is being checked  but it's not logging
checked in



-----------

on first boot, fires `checkandrequest()`
```
if (status == PermissionStatus.Denied)
{
    statusGranted = false;
    Console.WriteLine("fires status granted false ", statusGranted);
```

shows status granted false.


gives permission

then on back

fires `has not permission` in ViewModel call of async checkandrequest

so hasPermission is either null but I think false

and 

Need to try and use appOpsManager because it's special permissions




the problem is the logic is splayed over the viewmodel and the service

the viewmodel isn't calling the full service methods


















### Candesarten


Marta added unit testing plan

could refactor the viewmodel to use interfaces or use integration testing


Matthew wireframe 

5th look at sprint planning
23rd presenting

Hi @everyone, just a recap of todays standup and where we are:

We got accepted for the Rebel fund, so focus groups, marketing and Tree planting can all be fully funded. This means the proof of concept is fully backed and will probably look very interesting on a CV!

- Matthew has a full wireframe for Tablets, including a burger menu navigation bar
- Marta has added a test plan for the consentViewModel, and suggests either to create an interface for the DB instead of direct injection, or alternatively integration testing
- I am working my way through the usageStats functionality, Kenny I have stolen your ticket because of this but we can have a look at it once I know what I'm doing if you like 


The usageStats functionality completes the first release, so I'll be in touch again when it's done for us to review and confirm the criteria's been met and we'll get that pushed to master.

Thanks again for everyone's hard work and contributions, it's all super useful and appreciated.


-------

to find the file path for the db file 
load the db file from the app instead of generating it at runtime

```
string appDataPath = FileSystem.AppDataDirectory; Debug.WriteLine($"App Data Directory: {appDataPath}");
```

nvm so much easier in android studio go to tools device explorer , com.company.app and data/data/packagename/files


Ended up adding a service to copy it over from resources/raw into appdatadirectory to use as a connection from there



---

do the usage stats
