looking at prs

helpful to share with team the mvvm example 


learn x in y minutes.com

learn to throw it away 

decompile the library to try and find the source code

ask ai what is the problem, can you build tools around to 

use for 10 minutes locally the tool, not to publish it. 
where is it in the tool chain, does other stuff depend on it.

-----

important to know what tools you have, the more tools you're aware of 
and know how they work, the more choices you have when coming up with solutions.

----

ask in standups what stuff is, if they say they're using an acronym

RoQ: Read only queue

if there's something you're not aware of do ask at least one question. 
investing early to not slow down later.


send my CV to Simone 


pace yourself, set pace and objectives
relatively measurable contribution every single day

I've not achieved what i wanted but at least i've done that

take easy things too. can always do the small ones along with the big ones.

own acknowledgement is the most important thing

are you satisfied with your work

busy hands make idle brains
need time to think, step back.

JIRA tickets is a way to step back from coding

only coding is not helpful to the career, only solves a very narrow aspect of the problem

step back "how does it fit in the big picture"
how is this seen by others

i've created this design, quite clever, enabled more to be done

quantify its usefulness

can't always quantify it to a number, but recognise its quality


coding is the paramount
folk who code a couple of years then go into management don't have enough experience to understand the nuance necessary

for engineering managers

a relationship is always 2 ways, you have to help each other to be successful

Applying to graduate jobs is hard for everyone

study hard, claiming something on your cv, know it.

have you done projects, internships. 
have the CV start a conversation, also make yourself seen 

format the cv for details, consistent and grammar

Junior 


focus on the things you can control 











Tidy up this code 
identify limitations
address them

package name is package name, how to find appname for them 

data getting saved more than it needs to be. refer to uml


```
[DOTNET] My data: [{"Id":0,"PackageName":"com.companyname.mauiscreentime","AppName":"com.google.android.gm","Date":"0001-01-01T00:00:00","UsageTimeMilliseconds":"00:24:41.8200000"},{"Id":0,"PackageName":"com.google.android.gm","AppName":"com.google.android.gm","Date":"0001-01-01T00:00:00","UsageTimeMilliseconds":"00:08:34.6530000"},{"Id":0,"PackageName":"com.android.launcher","AppName":"com.google.android.gm","Date":"0001-01-01T00:00:00","UsageTimeMilliseconds":"00:00:29.5860000"}]

```


put the recordings in Vimeo 


